---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-core_pairing_profile Resource - terraform-provider-illumio-core"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Illumio Pairing Profile
---

# illumio-core_pairing_profile (Resource)

Manages Illumio Pairing Profile

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-core_label" "env_dev" {
  key   = "env"
  value = "E-DEV"
}

resource "illumio-core_label" "app_core_services" {
  key   = "app"
  value = "A-CORE-SERVICES"
}

resource "illumio-core_pairing_profile" "example" {
  name                  = "PP-DEV-CORE-SERVICES"
  enabled               = true

  allowed_uses_per_key  = "unlimited"  # infinite uses per key
  key_lifespan          = "3600"       # keys are valid for 1 hour

  role_label_lock       = false
  app_label_lock        = true
  env_label_lock        = true
  loc_label_lock        = false

  log_traffic           = false
  log_traffic_lock      = true

  visibility_level      = "flow_off"
  visibility_level_lock = false

  labels {
    href = illumio-core_label.env_dev.href
  }

  labels {
    href = illumio-core_label.app_core_services.href
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) The enabled flag of the pairing profile
- `name` (String) The short friendly name of the pairing profile. The name should be between 1 to 255 characters

### Optional

- `agent_software_release` (String) Agent software release associated with this paring profile. Default value: "Default ()"
- `allowed_uses_per_key` (String) The number of times pairing profile keys can be usedd. Allowed values are range(1-2147483647) and "unlimited". Default value: "unlimited"
- `app_label_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether app label can be overridden from pairing script. Default value: true
- `description` (String) The long description of the pairing profile
- `enforcement_mode` (String) Flag that controls whether mode can be overridden from pairing script. Allowed values are "idle", "visibility_only", "full" and "selective". Default value: "visibility_only"
- `enforcement_mode_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether enforcement mode can be overridden from pairing script, Default value: true
- `env_label_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether env label can be overridden from pairing script. Default value: true
- `external_data_reference` (String) A unique identifier within the external data source
- `external_data_set` (String) The data source from which a resource originates
- `key_lifespan` (String) Number of seconds pairing profile keys will be valid for. Allowed values are range(1-2147483647) and "unlimited". Default value: "unlimited"
- `labels` (Block Set) Assigned labels (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--labels))
- `loc_label_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether loc label can be overridden from pairing script. Default value: true
- `log_traffic` (Boolean) Status of VEN(alternative of status). Default value: false
- `log_traffic_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether log_traffic can be overridden from pairing script. Default value: true
- `role_label_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether role label can be overridden from pairing script. Default value: true
- `visibility_level` (String) Visibility level of the agent. Allowed values are "flow_full_detail", "flow_summary", "flow_drops", "flow_off" and "enhanced_data_collection". Default value: "flow_summary"
- `visibility_level_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether visibility_level can be overridden from pairing script. Default value: true

### Read-Only

- `caps` (List of String) User permissions for the object
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when this pairing profile was first created
- `created_by` (Map of String) User who created this pairing profile
- `href` (String) URI of this pairing profile
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource
- `is_default` (Boolean) Flag indicating this is default auto-created pairing profile
- `last_pairing_at` (String) Timestamp when this pairing profile was last used for pairing a workload
- `status` (String) State of VEN
- `status_lock` (Boolean) Flag that controls whether status can be overridden from pairing script
- `total_use_count` (Number) The number of times the pairing profile has been used
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when this pairing profile was last updated
- `updated_by` (Map of String) User who last updated this pairing profile

<a id="nestedblock--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Required:

- `href` (String) Label URI

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Pairing Profile objects can be imported from the Illumio PCE.
# The imported ID must match the HREF of the remote object.

terraform import illumio-core_pairing_profile.example "/orgs/1/pairing_profiles/1"
```
