---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "illumio-core_service Resource - terraform-provider-illumio-core"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Illumio Security Service
---

# illumio-core_service (Resource)

Manages Illumio Security Service

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "illumio-core_service" "example" {
  name        = "S-RDP"
  description = "TCP and UDP Remote Desktop Protocol ports"

  service_ports {
    # Illumio uses the IANA protocol numbers to identify the service proto
    proto = "6"  # TCP
    port  = "3389"
  }

  service_ports {
    proto = "17"  # UDP
    port  = "3389"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Service (does not need to be unique). The name should be between 1 to 255 characters

### Optional

- `description` (String) Long description of the Service
- `external_data_reference` (String) External data reference identifier
- `external_data_set` (String) External data set identifier
- `process_name` (String) The process name. The name should be between 1 to 255 characters
- `service_ports` (Block Set) Service ports (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--service_ports))
- `windows_egress_services` (Block Set) Windows Egress services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--windows_egress_services))
- `windows_services` (Block Set) Windows services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--windows_services))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when this Service was first created
- `created_by` (Map of String) User who created this Service
- `deleted_at` (String) Timestamp when this Service was deleted
- `deleted_by` (Map of String) User who deleted this Service
- `description_url` (String) Description URL Read-only to prevent XSS attacks
- `href` (String) URI of the service
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource
- `update_type` (String) Type of update
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when this Service was last updated
- `updated_by` (Map of String) User who last updated this Service

<a id="nestedblock--service_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_ports`

Required:

- `proto` (String) Transport protocol. IANA protocol numbers between 0-255 are permitted, and -1 represents all services

Optional:

- `icmp_code` (String) ICMP Code. Allowed when proto is 1 (ICMP) or 58 (ICMPv6). Allowed range is 0 - 15
- `icmp_type` (String) ICMP Type. Allowed when proto is 1 (ICMP) or 58 (ICMPv6). Allowed range is 0 - 255
- `port` (String) Port Number. Also, the starting port when specifying a range. Allowed when value of proto is 6 or 17. Allowed range is 0 - 65535
- `to_port` (String) High end of port range if specifying a range. Allowed range is 0 - 65535


<a id="nestedblock--windows_egress_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `windows_egress_services`

Optional:

- `process_name` (String) Name of running process
- `service_name` (String) Name of Windows Service


<a id="nestedblock--windows_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `windows_services`

Optional:

- `icmp_code` (String) ICMP Code. Allowed when proto is 1 (ICMP) or 58 (ICMPv6). Allowed range 0 - 15
- `icmp_type` (String) ICMP Type. Allowed when proto is 1 (ICMP) or 58 (ICMPv6). Allowed range is 0 - 255
- `port` (String) Port Number. Also, the starting port when specifying a range. Allowed when value of proto is 6 or 17. Allowed range is 0 - 65535
- `process_name` (String) Name of running process
- `proto` (String) Transport protocol. IANA protocol numbers between 0-255 are permitted, and -1 represents all services.
- `service_name` (String) Name of Windows Service
- `to_port` (String) High end of port range if specifying a range. Allowed range is 0 - 65535

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Service objects can be imported from the Illumio PCE.
# The imported ID must match the HREF of the remote object.

terraform import illumio-core_service.example "/orgs/1/sec_policy/draft/services/1"
```
